content/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
hero:
    img:
        src: "/hero-index.jpg"
        alt: "Photo of Boston Harbor"
    headline: "The Walk to the Sea covers four centuries of Boston history.
            Beginning at the State House on Beacon Hill, overlooking the
            old Boston Common, the Walk passes historic monuments and skyscrapers."
    intro:
        paragraph: "Start your journey by selecting a location below or using the map button:"
        map_link: "Explore Map"
        first_location_link: "Head to the Water"
body_paragraph: "The Walk crosses a terain that, centuries before, was not land at
                 all, but an active port.  The history of Boston is linked to the Sea,
                 whose smells and sounds once invaded the city.  The walk from the
                 top to the sea, which stretches for a mile and descends a hundred
                 feet, gives life to that story."
locations:
    img:
        src: "/feature-index.jpg"
        alt: "Photo of Customs House Observation Tower"
    heading: "Start your journey by selecting one of the locations:"
video:
    caption: "Watch Boston's Transformation"
accessibility:
    img:
        src: "/accessible-index.jpg"
        alt: "Photo of accesibility route sign"
    heading: "Accessibility and Route Planning"
    paragraph: "The complete Walk to the Sea route is **1.4 mi (2.25km)**
                in length.  From its highest point at the origin in Beacon Hill to the
                lowest point at Long Wharf, the **elevation loss is 220ft (67 m)**."
    locations_intro: "The route is ADA accessible at the following locations:"
footer_credit: "Walk to the Sea is a project of the Norman B. Leventhal Map and Education
                Center, with generous support from the Mapping Boston Foundation."
---

Commit message:

improve meta tags for SEO

content/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
metaDescription: The Walk to the Sea covers four centuries of Boston history. Beginning at the State House on Beacon Hill, overlooking the old Boston Common, the Walk passes historic monuments and skyscrapers.
hero:
    img:
        src: "/hero-index.jpg"
        alt: "Photo of Boston Harbor"
    headline: "The Walk to the Sea covers four centuries of Boston history.
            Beginning at the State House on Beacon Hill, overlooking the
            old Boston Common, the Walk passes historic monuments and skyscrapers."
    intro:
        paragraph: "Start your journey by selecting a location below or using the map button:"
        map_link: "Explore Map"
        first_location_link: "Head to the Water"
body_paragraph: "The Walk crosses a terain that, centuries before, was not land at
                 all, but an active port.  The history of Boston is linked to the Sea,
                 whose smells and sounds once invaded the city.  The walk from the
                 top to the sea, which stretches for a mile and descends a hundred
                 feet, gives life to that story."
locations:
    img:
        src: "/feature-index.jpg"
        alt: "Photo of Customs House Observation Tower"
    heading: "Start your journey by selecting one of the locations:"
video:
    caption: "Watch Boston's Transformation"
accessibility:
    img:
        src: "/accessible-index.jpg"
        alt: "Photo of accesibility route sign"
    heading: "Accessibility and Route Planning"
    paragraph: "The complete Walk to the Sea route is **1.4 mi (2.25km)**
                in length.  From its highest point at the origin in Beacon Hill to the
                lowest point at Long Wharf, the **elevation loss is 220ft (67 m)**."
    locations_intro: "The route is ADA accessible at the following locations:"
footer_credit: "Walk to the Sea is a project of the Norman B. Leventhal Map and Education
                Center, with generous support from the Mapping Boston Foundation."
---
